from reading on writing sales copy
	- call to action
		what i'm asking of them is worth more than what they're parting with
		- study our curriculum on your own time
			cost: extra effort, something experimental
			reward: better learning
		- to keep reading -  continual, implied call to action
			cost: time and caring
			reward: fun to read, closer to reaching life goal, almost convinced we're good deal
		- to book interview meeting
			cost: time, effort
			reward: might get in for the course
		- to pay
			cost: 5600 + 3 months of life
			reward: empowerment, community, network, skillz galore
	- benefits
		a missed topic in the materials
		embedded good practices
	- features
		a missed topic in the materials
		immersive practice with real dev-tools 
		inspired by how people learn - skill transfer, not ease of passage
	- target persona
		coming directly to gitbook from elium.academy
		shopping for a future, for hope
		commitment shopping - may be willing to read more
	- where in JL/Elium/Elewa websites to have which types of copy, how much detail, ...
	- "Our goal isn’t to convince our audience that we’re smart — it’s educating and selling with our copy."
		from copyblogger
		a tendancy i have
		see also kissmetric "how to".4
	- writing style
		rhythm
		short, broken sentences
		focus more on client than product - save that for the white paper
		dual readership - https://www.digitalmarketer.com/increase-sales-letter-conversions/
			write 3 documents that take up the same space
				a title
				a skimmer
				a reader
		length/commitment match
	- sections
		assuming current structure
			intro
				audience alignment
				fit in with 'competitors'?
				short, short.  short
				feature/problem match? - or just problem match
			what's about
				fit a story here?
				skills feature/problem pairs
			our approach
				story?
					about idea for this curriculum
					key moments in it's past
					testing with students
				see kissmetric "how to".4
				keep this story-based and emotive, save the other stuff for whitepaper
				feature/problem match?
					approach based feature/problem pairs
				overcome objections here?
			get started already
		a new structure
	- jl lp changes
		make next section appear just a bit below current one?
		text/diagram split?
	- elium.academy/fullstack
		explain why not - https://blog.kissmetrics.com/6-copywriting-mistakes/


dos ---------------------------

	hubspot 7 steps - https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/bob-stones-gem-copywriting-formula
		1. begin with your strongest benefit
		2. expand on the most important benefit
		3. explain exactly (and in detail) what the prospect will get
		4. back up your statement(s) with proof
		5. tell them why they'll loose if they don't act
		6. sum up the most important benefits
		7. present your call to action

	copyblogger types of copy - https://www.copyblogger.com/good-copywriting/
		01. plain copy
		02. storytelling copy
			* Opening: Introduce the pain. Show how the character of the story had a normal life, then how that life was shattered by a change of events.
			* Conflict: How is the life of the main character threatened if he or she does not respond to the problem? What does her journey look like as she tackles this challenge?
			* Dialogue: People are drawn to conversations in a story. It’s human interest at its root: two people talking to each other. We are also drawn to dialogue because it’s easy to read. “Our eyes flow over dialogue like butter on the hood of a hot car,” says novelist Chuck Wendig.
			* Solution: Finally, your product is introduced as the cure for your character’s problem. You increase the credibility of your product by sharing specific results (347% increase in conversion, for example).
			* use dialogue
		03. conversational copy
			"you and me"
			record and transcribe for rough draft
		04. john lennon copy
			get them to imagine a beautiful life
			then say how you can get them there
		05. long copy
			all the details
			how can be broken into snippets? hybridize across pages?
		06. killer poet copy
			the ad itself is a work worth reading
		07. direct-from-ceo copy
			level field, personalize the company
			i can do this
			pairs well with storytelling and conversational
		08. frank copy
			gain trust by disclosing weaknesses first
			- experimental content
			- a few people making a best effort
			- this mini-course will take more work
		09. superlative copy
			not for me
		10. rejection copy
			not for this

	kissmetric 
		7 tips - https://blog.kissmetrics.com/david-ogilvy/
			1. go big or go home
			2. do your homework
				You cannot write copy unless you know:
					Who you’re writing it for
					How that person thinks
					What that person needs
			3. never talk down to customer
			4. headline is 80%
				https://www.copyblogger.com/10-sure-fire-headline-formulas-that-work/
				here, this also means table of contents
			5. don't get distracted from making the sale
			6. explain why they should buy
				a la golden circle
				imagine their head as being full of 'why's
				answer them
			7. your copy is important. treat it that way
		how to write seductive copy - https://blog.kissmetrics.com/write-copy-like-apple/
			- actionable tips for each point
			01. command attention with one big idea
				learn the soft skills in context (?)
				again with the headline
			02. promote readability with short and broken sentences
				fight my penchants
				save that for the white paper
				RHYTHM
				try to keep your copy below 12 words per sentence on average.
			03. become memorable with soundbites
				something i can put on all sites, that someone might quote on SO
				often have repetition
		*	04. enhance your credibility with technical details
				balance between this and 'sounding smart'
				to tell 'why' and/or 'how'
				trust, being an expert
				- What details can you use to showcase your manufacturing process and the quality of your product? Include figures. And be as specific as possible.
				- to become the 'our approach section'
		*	05. fascinate audience with stories
				what if there was a story fit in, and the whole thing wasn't one
			06. persuade with problems
				line up features with problems
			07. use analogies to describe product quality
				to make quality concrete
			08. overcome objectives 1 by 1
			09. encourage trading up with product comparisons
				you like this stuff - content, slack
				pay us for the class
			10. captivate your audience with power words
				focus on audience, not product
				first-person user stories with strong sensory component
				use word 'imagine'
			11. create a persuasive call to action
				Encourage your readers to follow your call-to-action. Explain how they’ll benefit. And make your call-to-action stand out.
			12. design for readability
				study this https://www.apple.com/iphone/

	enchanting marketing 
		faux-pas  - https://www.enchantingmarketing.com/website-mistakes/
			1. unsuitable tracks
				'segments', prepare for multiple
				separate surfaces - jl landing, jl org, jl sample, elewa, elium, ...
					tailor them and place them carefully
			2. no through-traffic
				well marked, intuitive paths to different contents
			3. unclear signage
			4. a website isn't just a collection of pages
				each one should have a purpose
				they should interconnect in desirable and intuitive ways
	*	how to write persuasive sales copy 	*  read in more depth
			1. engaging, credible, clear, concise, persuasive
			2. list of articles
			3. ...

don'ts  ----------------

	digitalmarketer cosmetic errors - https://www.digitalmarketer.com/copy-cosmetics-conversion/
		1. price and value flash impressions
			ie. 100 or 100.00
		2. emphasizing a single word
			appeal to both skimmers and readers
			dual readership path - https://www.digitalmarketer.com/increase-sales-letter-conversions/
			i do this in jl landing page
		3. over-doing it
		4. misplacing testamonials
			schools: floating along side, embedded into
			-- don't interrupt copy flow --
			off to the side (if not a landing page with sections)
			place near where copy speaks of what they praise
		5. bullet abuse

	nettsolutions  - http://www.nettsolutions.com/blog/2011/11/ad-copy-faux-pas/
		- not the most coherent/esive.  check back on it later
		1. unsubstantiated ad promotions
		2. keyword scope mismatch
			keywords be as specific as the offer
			and appropriate
		3. lists
		4. unkown branding
		5. vague offering
		6. unnecessary info
		7. generic templates

	kissmetric copy mistakes - https://blog.kissmetrics.com/6-copywriting-mistakes/
		1. failing to test long copy
			takeaway: long/short depends on buyer type and commitment
			when in doubt, test it (but i can't really, so just ask around)
			"Get to the point; be prudent with each word; but test long copy, and sometimes it’ll convert much better. This is especially true when the idea is complex or the commitment is large." 
		2. don't let structure strangle copy
			committed to gitbook - content
			committed to standard landing page - jl
		3. assuming mathematical literacy
		4. thinking you're like twitter or facebook
			don't try to be like them, they are the reason 'like them' is a thing.
			their copy assumes familiarity with their product
		5. neglecting the most persuasive conjunction
			"because"
		6. forgetting to flip positives into negatives



	an opinionated summary, good - https://www.crazyegg.com/blog/tantalizing-copywriting-techniques/

	meh - digitalmarketer 5 steps - https://www.digitalmarketer.com/how-to-write-sales-copy/
		1. Point out who your message is for
		2. Identify their problem
		3. Talk about why what they’re currently doing to solve their problem won’t work
			this is where i say other things are great, but don't do this
		4. Tell them how you discovered what DOES work
		5. Tell them how they can get it

































